---
layout: default
title: 发布 v2.8.0
---

JHipster release 2.8.0
==================

*JHipster gives you Spring Boot + AngularJS working together in one handy Yeoman generator.*

Documentation
----------

Looking for the (old) JHipster v2.x documentation? It's [Here]({{ post.url }}/documentation-archive)!

更新日志
----------

This is a bug-fixing release.

This is a 2.8.0 version, and not 2.7.1, to mark that we have made one big change in JHipster: we are changing the way we name our database tables!

This should normally not have any consequences to existing applications (thanks to JPA that adds a mapping layer on top of the database!), but it can be surprising to existing users.

This follows the discussion from [#1278](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/issues/1278), as:

- Previously, all tables in JHipster where prefixed with 'T\_'. This was only because [Julien Dubois](https://twitter.com/juliendubois) is very old, and learned programming using the Hungarian notation. 20 years ago, without any syntax highlighting, he could easily know if he was using a table (prefixed by 'T\_') or a view (prefixed by 'V\_'). Of course using this notation is totally non-hipster, so we decided to remove it.
- We now check for reserved keywords when an entity is being generated: you can't use Java, MySQL, PostgreSQL or Cassandra reserved keywords. We do not check MongoDB reserved keywords yet, because we didn't find a good list of keywords, but that should of course be added later.
- As a result of the two choices above, we had a new issue: as PostgreSQL uses the "user" keyword internally, we could not use a 'user' table to store our 'User' entity.
- So our new tables names are as follows:
    - All tables generated by default by JHipster (including the "User" table), are prefixed by 'JHI\_'. So the 'User' table is in fact called 'JHI_USER'.
    - All tables generated using the entity sub-generator have no prefix at all, but cannot contain a reserved keyword in the technologies you are using (if you don't use Cassandra, you can use a Cassandra reserved keyword).

If those choices do not suit you, don't hesitate to send us comments, and remember that all this can be easily changed in your JPA mapping!

一如既往， __[you can check all the closed tickets here](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/issues?q=milestone%3A2.8.0+is%3Aclosed)__.

更新指引
------------

使用以下命令更新Jhipster:

```
npm update -g generator-jhipster
```

使用以下命令更新你的项目

```
yo jhipster
```

You can also update your entities by running again the entity sub-generator, for example if your entity is named _Foo_

```
yo jhipster:entity Foo
```

帮助和缺陷
--------------

如果您发现这个版本的任何问题, 请随时联系我们:

- 在推特上联系[@jhipster](https://twitter.com/jhipster)
- 在我们的[bug tracker](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/issues?state=open)添加一个缺陷报告
- 在[Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/tags/jhipster/info)提交问题
